README.md, before:

# Hub Service

Hub service is intended to be a communication layer between the front and back-end.
It is coupled with the following microservices:
* [Expose user](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/exposeUser)
* [Skatteetaten](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/skatteservice)
* [Folkeregisteret](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/fregService)
* [Evaluator](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/evaluator)

## API
Every route can be found in [app.py](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/hubService/blob/main/app.py) 
Each route below links to the OpenAPI specification on swaggerhub.

* [POST] [/submit_application](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
  * Returns the "saksnummer" of the application
* [POST] [/add_attachment](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_application/\<saksnummer>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_all_applications/\<personidentifikator>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_application_status/\<saksnummer>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/set_application_status/\<saksnummer>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_children/\<personidentifikator>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_partner/\<personidentifikator>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_applicant/\<personidentifikator>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)

### Installation
This service is intended to run in a kubernetes cluster with the micro services it is coupled with, mentioned at the top of this document. It makes no sense for this service to run alone.
The intention is to only expose this service with a public IP, but this is not mandatory.

Update [config.py](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/hubService/blob/main/classFolder/config.py) to reflect the hostnames and ports of the other services.

You can use the [deployment.yaml](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/hubService/blob/main/deployment.yaml) to create a deployment in kubernetes, and [service.yaml](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/hubService/blob/main/service.yaml) to create a service.

[The latest docker image can be found here](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/johannesdigdir/hub_service)

### Architecture
Visual representation of the microservices:
![Picture of the architecture and coupling of the services](https://github.com/Altinn/summer-camp-2021/blob/main/Documentation/Architecture/Microservice%20overview.png "Picture of the architecture and coupling of the services")

Commit message:

Added class diagram to the readme

README.md, after:

# Hub Service

Hub service is intended to be a communication layer between the front and back-end.
It is coupled with the following microservices:
* [Expose user](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/exposeUser)
* [Skatteetaten](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/skatteservice)
* [Folkeregisteret](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/fregService)
* [Evaluator](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/evaluator)

## API
Every route can be found in [app.py](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/hubService/blob/main/app.py)   
Each route below links to the OpenAPI specification on swaggerhub.

* [POST] [/submit_application](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
  * Returns the "saksnummer" of the application
* [POST] [/add_attachment](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_application/\<saksnummer>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_all_applications/\<personidentifikator>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_application_status/\<saksnummer>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/set_application_status/\<saksnummer>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_children/\<personidentifikator>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_partner/\<personidentifikator>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)
* [GET] [/get_applicant/\<personidentifikator>](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/Johannes-s-b/Hubservice/0.1)

### Installation
This service is intended to run in a kubernetes cluster with the micro services it is coupled with, mentioned at the top of this document. It makes no sense for this service to run alone.
The intention is to only expose this service with a public IP, but this is not mandatory.

Update [config.py](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/hubService/blob/main/classFolder/config.py) to reflect the hostnames and ports of the other services.

You can use the [deployment.yaml](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/hubService/blob/main/deployment.yaml) to create a deployment in kubernetes, and [service.yaml](https://github.com/Digihelgeland-Sommercamp/hubService/blob/main/service.yaml) to create a service.

[The latest docker image can be found here](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/johannesdigdir/hub_service)

### UML
All class diagrams of the service
![Picture showing all class diagrams of hubservice](https://github.com/Altinn/summer-camp-2021/blob/main/Documentation/UML/Hubservice/HUB_klassediagram.png "Picture showing all class diagrams of hubservice")

### Architecture
Visual representation of the microservices:
![Picture of the architecture and coupling of the services](https://github.com/Altinn/summer-camp-2021/blob/main/Documentation/Architecture/Microservice%20overview.png "Picture of the architecture and coupling of the services")
